Fix links to HTTPS (#1269)
captn3m0/endoflife.date: products/coldfusion.md

---

> > [Adobe ColdFusion](https://endoflife.date/coldfusion) is java-based commercial web application server and development platform from Adobe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Adobe ColdFusion](https://www.adobe.com/coldfusion) is java-based commercial web application server and development platform from Adobe.
```
